doc(release): Release notes collect 24.04.6 / gorgone 24.04.2 (#3591)
centreon/centreon-documentation: versioned_docs/version-24.04/releases/centreon-os.mdx

## Centreon Collect

### 24.04.6

Release date: `September 25, 2024`

<details>
  <summary>Bug fixes</summary>

> - [Broker] when no filter is configured, forbidden filter is applied to all. 
> - [Engine] Fixed an issue regarding gRPC accepted services deletion.
> - [Engine] When the Engine configuration is modified, no need to send host/service status since their configuration are already sent.
> - [Engine] When Engine was restarted, its log file wasn't reopened, so if it was moved or removed, it wasn't created again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Broker] When no filter is configured on a Broker output, a default filter is applied so as to avoid Broker crashing.
- [Engine] Engine now waits until no thread uses a gRPC service before deleting the service.
- [Engine] When Engine's configuration is modified, already sent events are no longer sent a second time.
- [Engine] Fixed the following issue: when Engine was restarted, its log file wasn't reopened, so if it was moved or removed, it wasn't created again.
```

## Centreon Gorgone

### 24.04.3

Release date: `September 25, 2024`

<details>
  <summary>Bug fixes</summary>

> - [Gorgone] Added a partition for the Gorgone MBI mod_bi_metriccentileweeklyvalue and mod_bi_metriccentilemonthlyvalue tables, which are required by the ETL to run correctly.
> - [Gorgone] Fixed an issue on cpu load when a poller was not responding.
> - [Gorgone] Fixed an issue where Gorgone running on the central host was leaking file descriptor when poller disconnect.
> - [Gorgone] Fixed nmap discovery provider not working after whitelist creation on Gorgone.
> - [Gorgone] In MBI, fixed the perfdataStatisticsBuilder.pl script: when using the '-r --centile-only' parameters, the mod_bi_metrichourlyvalue table is no longer truncated.
> - [Gorgone] The password of an MBI database user can now include special characters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Gorgone] Added a partition for the Gorgone MBI **mod_bi_metriccentileweeklyvalue** and **mod_bi_metriccentilemonthlyvalue** tables, which are required by the ETL to run correctly.
- [Gorgone] Fixed an issue affecting CPU load when a poller was not responding.
- [Gorgone] Fixed an issue where gorgone running on a central server was leaking file descriptors when pollers were disconnected.
- [Gorgone] Fixed an issue stopping the **nmap** discovery provider from working after a Gorgone whitelist was created.
- [Gorgone] In MBI, fixed the **perfdataStatisticsBuilder.pl** script: when using the **'-r --centile-only'** parameters, the **mod_bi_metrichourlyvalue** table is no longer truncated.
- [Gorgone] The password of an MBI database user can now include special characters.
```
